Update README.md (#65)
apache/cordova-app-hello-world: README.md

The package.json in `template_src` should be filled with information that describes *the project that would be created from the template*.

If you want to include `.gitignore` files in your template, you have to name them `gitignore` (without a leading dot) instead. They will be renamed to `.gitignore` upon template expansion.

> ### Installing from Github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installing from GitHub
```

> To install this template from the GitHub repository instead of NPM, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install this template from the GitHub repository instead of npm, use:
```

> If you already have Cordova setup and want to install this application from the Github repository, rather than form NPM use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install this template from the GitHub repository instead of NPM, use:
```

What do you think of this wording instead? Re-uses similar terminology (template instead of application), and little bit less wordy.

>    cordova create MY_INSTALL_PATH/cordova-app-hello-world --template=https://github.com/apache/cordova-app-hello-world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cordova create MY_INSTALL_PATH/cordova-app-hello-world --template=https://github.com/apache/cordova-app-hello-world`
```
